well they seem pretty straight forward retail how this works at the institute
for creative technology what we found out is you can do a whole
bunch of short video clips of someone discussing a particular topic
and then cut those up and save them and then ask people who are
users to pose a question and then there's something called natural language
processing which is seen elaborate and well thought through
well practiced and well tested capability of trying to match up the
questions and the factors in the questions with one of the responses
and so the snail natural language processing algorithms will try to
find the best response they can that matches your question and then
trying to do that with enough regularity itself like a real conversation
and to some degree it does because of course in a real conversation
you might ask me what's the predominant gas in Martian atmosphere
I wouldn't know so a lot of times you have a conversation with somebody
you ask him some I don't know ask me so well you know but that's
the way it basically works